I don’t think there is an objectively correct answer here.
At the end of the day, people will still use what they want even if you change it or not.
Like I support the change because we will still use the old system and it’ll be easier for us to communicate with our allies and anyone we introduce to the game
Please provide objective evidence or don’t reply
While upper staff have sit by for months with the server in stagnation, is unacceptable.
I don’t want power either. I want the people who are in power to get their heads out of their asses.
If you ban me, I will keep doing it if I do choose. You don’t control me. Even if I am banned, I can still DM advertise.
Congrats, once again you won’t have fixed the problem and you’re proving my point that you’re too socially inept to be an owner.
I will be. Peter obviously doesn’t appreciate the work we’ve all been doing for the server so imo it’s justified.
Oh no! The space servers that have been nothing but discords for over a year don’t like us! 😞
Considering we went and checked out the server and had a 30 minute conversation with the owner, read your words again.
@Astralchroma You can ban me, but I can promise you that you couldn’t stop me from DM advertising if I wanted to.
You think the server will grow off of this? It won’t.
Complaining is great. Has no actual plan or timetable for growth for the server.
Server playerbase has increased significantly from us DM advertising.
Just not true lmao
That is an objective fact.
Oh no! The other dead space servers are upset that our server isn’t dead 
Mfw you are literally a discord lurker and there are new players who have been playing the server.
Poor reputation among what, two other space discord servers? One of which literally stole hundreds of dollars of donations with false promises?
It’s not. The server was dead and dying before we started working on it.
If you’d rather get caught up in moral ambiguity than the progress we’re making in the server, be my guest.
You’ve quit like 6 times and yet you’re here. You should stay instead of leaving.
Just stop talking about it. You guys aren’t convincing us, we aren’t convincing you. I am firm in our resolve and belief that we can help the server, and we will continue to do so.
Ah yes, us building a new spawn, tutorial, starter videos, isnt helping.
How? If everyone would quit because of us?
And the basis for this is?
Please tell me how, in the past two months, we have attributed to this?
Objective facts and specifics of how "we are the reason the server was dying"
You aren't giving objective reasoning behind your claim.
In the past two months, what specific things or objective things have we done that has "killed the server"
Criticism does not mean we want to drive him off.
Us wanting Peter to you know, do things for the server, is not driving him off.
ItsAlreadyGold, not the things that are necessary to keep the server alive or growing.
And this is growing the server, how?
This is a trivial object.. please Peter
Is waterfall objectively worse than velocity
Lmao
I mean the truth is objective so it doesn’t really matter what he believes lol
You can sit here and talk all day long but until you start sinking some ships all you’re doing is talking
Fodder mindset
You should learn to cope with the losses now because they’re gonna keep coming
Attacking our member who is mining lmao
Like what is your logic
You gank one of our members, fail, and expect us to not attack you?
Waaaah waaaah! No honor!
Low on totem pole imo
I mean its worked great, we have a whole fleet of your nations sunk ships
“Why no politics on server 😡”
I meant you guys just donating us ships and gear
No. You are dodging whenever I am putting your hypothesis to the test
You saying “agree with me” whenever this is an objective situation that I can prove in game lmfao
This is not a subjective matter
No lol, 8ks and 12ks don’t need to be a trump card against all ships
Bullshit sorry lmfao
He does
Ain’t gone happen ma boy
That’s unbalanced as fuck
They’re too hard to hit mongrel
Rattlyy you literally are just talking out of your ass for the fun of it
I have told you so many times how good they are
Even shown you how to use them
And you don’t listen to me
just stop talking lmao
Melkron then it’s a skill issue
Not a balancing issue
You don’t know what you’re talking about I’m sorry
I can kill SFs in 4ks
If you want a proof of concept all you have to do is log on
You literally said that
What
You DONT USE THE COUNTER
Skill issue not my fuckin problem
Until you use Gunships vs SFs imo you have no right to complain sorry
One side is objective one side is subjective 🤭
It is objective that in the balancing Gunships are designed to counter starfighters. Your nation has never once used a gunship to counter starfighters.
Even considering that, we have all been pushing for a size nerf for over a month
Lots of coping
Because you refuse to listen
why should I listen to a wall that only vomits bullshit
He’s upset that our argument has objective reasoning behind it
I have no power lol
How? Please explain to me how gunships are not made to counter SFs. That 4ks are unable to kill SFs, and that you guys don’t use them so you really can’t say it’s not true? 
Have you ever considered a skill issue Rattlyy
But you could’ve focused out the fighters?
Almost like… fleet composition matters??????
It isn’t
Depends on what the enemy brings
He saw tonight killer
That’s it lmfao
How is that a balancing issue?
Legitimate question fell
You can
I do it all the time
I think if we make them 350+ fell it’ll make 4ks better at fighting them
We also want dc back for big ships but the lag is the question
Again fell ask yourself if that’s a balancing issue
Idk which one of you said that fleet composition does not matter but I just wanted to point out that you’re mistaken
No lol
Effective gunship counters SF
ATs doing DMG is insanely OP
Who were the pilots for both sides of the fight earlier
Not you but your side
Do you see how it could’ve been beneficial
Like do you understand the concept
Point of the story is if you brought a gunship that fight could’ve gone differently
Or we could just not as it’s wasted dev time and objectively worse from a shielding and hull design standpoint
And thus you describe perfectly how this would be a worthless add from release.
Shield regen is fine you just don’t use power mode effectively
1v1 space arena is a poor test for balancing and doesn’t happen in survival
Regen is balanced fine. We are adding even more ways for Gunships to kill SFs which is basically the only balancing issue we’ve had
Regardless the idea is to change how automatic weapons do the majority of your damage
It’s not entirely, that was a poor choice of words, majority
Fun is subjective so I can’t tell you otherwise
Objectively the combat system is balanced with specific ships doing one thing better than another so it makes sense to bring it to a fight. The goal is to make combat more engaging and less based on movement alone
Him misunderstanding combat
Which is no fault of his own; he didn’t really have anyone telling him and there’s no source material
Combat is balanced around team fights because 1v1s basically do not happen in survival
What you just said would make team fights last sub 5 minutes
That’s a horrible change lol
This ain’t that server
TTK right now is fine if you use the tools available to you
If a ship is cruising away. Pulse your gravwell and light it up
Ship design meta is largely based on how you place your shields and the blocks within them
As in making your ship good enough to lose a shield or two and still operate
They’re used in basically every fleet battle
A change we want to add that’ll make capital ships more widely used is re-adding DC to them
DC movement is infinitely better than cruising
Again, in Capital ships your phasers and heavy weapons do the majority of the damage
You’re complaining about movement being the same?
Yes, we know that the barrier to entry for noobs is a steep curve right now
I don’t think you’ve “mastered” a single ship class or even come close melkron lol
I mean I’ve been playing for about 5 years, I’d say yes
Don’t say it’s “boring to play after you’ve mastered the class” if you haven’t mastered the class
It’s up to you to decide if it’s boring or not. It is not unbalanced though. Using every tool you have available to you in survival during a team fight is how you get kills.
You can still get kills in survival without using every tool available, I’m not sure what your point is here
Slyv was SvSing yesterday
Also the server is doing great for itself rn. We’re peaking at like mid 20s on weekends, and we are working on a massive update that should create more risk and induce more combat
All of them  are active and you can check that by /n info in game lol
Yes, that’s the goal
(Rn basically everyone uses 4k miners)
So that there is reason to use the larger ships for mining
We are also adding a new way to mine in space
The anti SF weapon we’re adding will make gunships be more important in the meta
They can, just not effectively
??? @Melkron A 2k is faster than a 4K
Why would we remove them?
The idea is to make auto damage be less consistent and add an alternative method with aiming
It is about position because your turrrets hit more accurately at some angles than others based on how you build your ship
Lower skill players would basically never have a single chance in combat ever
We’re not removing /st, that would make the skill gap ridiculously large
That would make Vega 10x stronger than what it is now
This is essentially how old SL was in a way
@Melkron in the current system without ST will take literal hours melkron
Removing /st will widen the skill gap
I’m not sure I understand what you’re suggesting
@Melkron And adding spam clicking your LMB will fix these issues? No
Sodium is objectively better than optifine
You can just get OkZoomer
With sodium
Which is also objectively better
Skillbo if you make your speeder correctly then that’s just objectively incorrect lol
They were OP on planets with OSTs
Reminder to vote y’all
TL:DR I don’t really care what you think is unfair and above is the objective reasoning behind it
My playtime and how often I play the server is irrelevant in discussing how much a tax should be, the reasoning I am using is objective and based on the time it takes to complete tasks in game to achieve x amount of money.
It is not unreasonable to increase the tax over time as new money making methods exist and more money enters the economy.
Completely and objectively wrong
Longy this isn’t even a bad argument
How, elaborate
Because that’s just complete bs
There won’t be a mode where you can toggle pvp.
I think the server is big enough to the point where we could maybe look in to expanding noob prot time
Because TopTrash hasn’t camped anyone
Please explain what your definition of camping is
There are rules against this which are enforced
Nobody is getting “camped”, noobs aren’t getting slaughtered, and combat is not prevalent.
Rattlyy you’re living in a dream world and trying to push an agenda with a false narrative.
There’s no ruler of HE
This would’ve been valid maybe 6 months ago
I attacked both of them
I can attack players for whatever I want, the attacks on Sylvia happen sparsely at best and it’s whenever I take a break from helping out on the server to actually play the game
You CAN progress in the game easily without getting slaughtered. It is insanely hard to get pirated 
Then stop bringing it up as a fact
Rattlyy, we aren’t doing that.
We literally already committed ourselves to defending the new areas from pirates.
Again this doesn’t happen
Don’t say things like that if you are not willing to provide examples
New players don’t really die or interact with “tryhards”
48 hours of game time before that’s even possible lol
So the complaint is valid in the sense of new players not really understanding mechanics and how to effectively escape
Being pirated is part of gameplay. To work to help newer players understand pirates and how to escape, we need source material to  teach new players.
In terms of playerbase, we are doing basically the best we ever have (excluding launch) and you can track our progress on the tracker.
@_Longy We know, and are working diligently to support this
In terms of playerbase, we are doing basically the best we ever have (excluding launch) and you can track our progress on the tracker.
I’m glad you like CCNet, but this ain’t there.
@WitherV Care to chime in?
CCNet is a cracked server that appeals to a wide variety of people (Geopol), very few people play there for the movecraft.
We peaked at 31 last Sunday
Actually, our tracker that shows playercount online completely disproves you
The reason the server has 8 online is because it’s the middle of the day on a Weekday
The level grind and money making grind is being addressed in the update
Just be patient
This is being remedied with the frontier update
A valid complaint is that there is no source material for new players or learn about piracy, so along with frontier update I’ll work on creating more videos to help explain
None of us trade so this is a irrelevant point
Noobs cannot be killed
If you willingly cargo trade while a pirate is sitting out in space? Likely you will die
So avoid dying It’s insanely easy
So avoid dying
It’s insanely easy
Rattlyy complaining about combat existing?
What’s the argument about today
Bring an escort
Then stop bringing it up as a fact
I attacked both of them
This would’ve been valid maybe 6 months ago
Rattlyy you’re living in a dream world and trying to push an agenda with a false narrative.
Nobody is getting “camped”, noobs aren’t getting slaughtered, and combat is not prevalent.
There are rules against this which are enforced
Please explain what your definition of camping is
How, elaborate
Because that’s just complete bs
Completely and objectively wrong
You can be attacked while doing these things, and that is a good gameplay mechanic.
You should not be able to just passively do all of those things. There should be an inherent risk
This already exists in the form of noob protection.
Also Brooklyn is entirely correct. Look at the minuscule amount of kills in survival over the past month. Then look at the even smaller amount of people who were “newer” players that were killed and you see that everything you’re trying to push is objectively false.
You’re acting as though there is an epidemic of noob slaughtering and piracy
When in reality it is entirely sparse at best
I've planned an entire vacation in the time you've all been arguing
we can cross that bridge when we get there
Realistically it would be great if this conversation just ended because it’s pointless
Rattlyy is arguing over things that literally do not exist
One of the opinions here is objective lol
mine? definitely thanks
Ah yeah the opinion with no facts behind it… very objective
New peak yesterday, previous peak Sunday, previous peak a week ago
Server been on constant playerbase growth since early February
What do you think this shows?
This is todays graph
Ah yeah a server with an exponential amount of exposure, playerbase, and devs
What a great comparison
Also cracked
No clue, I don’t play CCNet
Because rattlyy brings it up
The only legitimate complaint with any validity that you have @Rattlyy is that it’s too hard for noobs to learn how to escape piracy. We’ll work on it
No. Objectively your argument is incorrect. Noob killing is not prevalent, PIRACY is basically barely prevalent, it is easy to progress and not die, and the server has been consistently growing since February 26th.
If you feel otherwise about any of this please make a suggestion in ⁠feedback-and-ideas or make a player report ticket. @Rattlyy
Trainboy’s argument is also really valid
I will compile all of the data that shows you are literally bending over and talking out of your ass whenever I get off work today.
please do that
If you’d like to contribute it would be great to work on some frontier update stuff
lmao
this server should keep making my ego bigger
Gutin is kinda carrying the load by himself
@Sciath Don’t waste your time, it doesn’t matter
He’s arguing for the sake of arguing, just stay focused on the update
It’s just rattlyy
If you have a suggestion for the improvement of the server, fill out the feedback form, or in ⁠feedback-and-ideas
If you have an issue with a player please make a player report ticket.
The only people who can see those tickets are Moderators and Directors
Good looking dude
Awful pic lol
Reddit gave me a phone call at work today about our ad campaign lol
Looks goof
Probably looks better in game
Objectively my ego should be grown to compete with my only true nemesis, my ego
Because we just used the original shape and made it our own thing
The only thing objective here is Eden is not risky enough to warrant it's proximity to the best resources. The solution to this; Make Eden more risky and add a 1 way gate from Sirius -> Trench so that other planets have a similar proximity (with a tradeoff of less risk)
You just want us to be biased so you can complain
Every argument you present is grasping at straws
Also we already committed to defending the new areas from piracy lmfao
Rattlyy wants the server to have no risk Sciath don't waste your time
It’s obvious you’re just trolling and have a hatred for us
Going near our base?
Stop lying
Nobody said that
You have no clue how wardens are and how it is to live there, we are not going to just have an empty system lol
You’ve literally never lived there
The logic behind it
this is not a “Vega decision”, Aury and the others who were in the development chat at the time all agreed on Eden’s placement
Exploit????
Unreal
It’s also a nice planet.
Defending yourself m
Counter attacking us
Because we are a good nation is not a balancing issue lmfao
There is NOTHING stopping you from moving in, setting up BDPs, base defense
My enemies can live there
as you said yourself, any of you that isn't my enemy can live there
Regardless to say “oh it’s bias that Eden is available to resources because Vega lives there” is really stupid. Any of you can live there
My point would include this^^
Should’ve prefaced
It’s risky to live there. A solution we could add is a 1 way from Sirius to trench
We don’t camp anyone just stfu
but it turned into NUUU RATTLY BIAS!!!! PLEASE GUTIN BAN HIM!!!!
Stop lying about what happens on the server
its really fucking hilarious
Rattlyy thinks that it’s OP that Vega lives on Eden and is mad that he would get attacked for moving there
We know he either thinks he himself is wrong, or that he knows his hatred is unfounded. That much is clear. He has answered the question
Genuinely would love to know
Rattlyy is just here to argue and act like Vega is this evil force of bias yadda yadda bullshit same old same old argument with zero facts behind it
All I’ve seen is cope so far that Vega is good at the game.
You can easily setup base defense at your base, (you wonder why we don’t attack Arimfea at Vask), and I also suggested making mob defenders not work/less effective on Eden.
as open as a plane door in mid air
this is true, van came with the compromise that maybe having eden in horizon with mob defenders is possibly too advantages, and suggested disabling them
me and vand are open minded here, the floor is open to you to leave down any point you want
But you either must think your points arent strong enough, which would make you wrong. Or you refuse to not hate Vega
You see that's just using an exact arguement I used with you, but the point here to make, is you dont think you will change your answer, because you hate vega so much
Its 1 question
Not an arguement
It doesnt need to turn into an arguementas I said
answering is pointless
you will never change your opinion
I will never change mine
the only thing that won't change is Elo's facts
why should I even bother answering, to argue even more? It's pointless
😠 also tbf lots of vegans and vega-tangent individuals either code or give numbers
How could we code the server
I used an AI to find the most possible answer
@Sciath 5 bucks to your pocket
that's evading the question
I won't even bother answering, this whole conversation is pointless, we will never change each other's opinions
Elo stated facts
He’s going to pull out a list of things that do not happen on HE and say that we do them
na give him time, let him prove his bias
Rattlyy, why do you hate us so much?
(he can’t because he’s biased)
Answer the question
That's a shit defflection
The topic at hand seems to be hating Vega
so why do you hate us so much
don't change the topic 
Why do you think we're just such a force of evil
defend your base or die
What’s hilarious is you genuinely thinking that attacking you is = attacking you til you quit
Rattlyy, I wonder why do you hate Vega so much?
Who complained @Astralchroma ?
Just because we will attack you does not mean you cannot live there" -> you can live here, but we will attack you until you quit the server or move out 
come live here, we will just camp you till you quit!
Please read what I wrote
Now read what you wroteH
How the fuck are you twisting my words this badly lmfao
You guys camped us 💀
The only people who have been camped on Eden was Vega
Maybe like a year ago that would’ve happened
Things that don’t happen on HE part 99999 of you saying this
There is nothing stopping anyone
You could live there
Just because we will attack you does not mean you cannot live there
It’s pretty easy to make base defenses
which translates to "you can all use my advantage except my enemies"
Waaah waaah Vega said they’d kill me if I went near their base
Like what do you expect lol
We’re enemies but not at war
Just Arcturan
Just because Vega lives there is not a balancing issue sorry
Defend your base
I mean we would likely attack you because we’re at war?
I love having hot gay sex
Also there is nothing stopping people from living on Eden
I guess he missed the part where every ore will be available in every system lmfao
lmfao
lmao
lol
lmfao im laughing my balls off
What are you even talking about
what elo said
How will people have to triple their resources to mine?
the whole idea of a planet being able to reach everything when everyone needs to triple their chet to travel is bs IMO 
Doesn’t really matter we were planning on making a new base soon
Definitely would make it harder to live there
I don’t think it’s the worst idea
As you can make wardens basically a non factor with mob defenders
do you not see how OP it would be to have space stations in any of the 3 new systems?
you disabled space stations to prevent oblivion 
Oh yeah I lives on that planet
The idiots made this update
Vega made the update
Vega lives on that planet
What if we disabled mob defenders on Eden
The devs are the ones that live on that planet
Things that don’t happen on HE 101
AU will be filled with shipwrecks that have resources and loot chests
These loot chests will contain things like credits, rare items, armor, etc
TBD if they will, there’s some issues regarding that and balancing
If you make it so there are station sieges in horizon, it instantly becomes the most valuable station in the game as you can instantly jump from your land to the most dangerous gates when someone is in hyper
They will still exist on the fringes of systems
Both
Systems will be somewhat large still.
Along with mining lasers in early April or late March
Each system is compartmentalized
Yes
do you not see how OP it would be to have space stations in any of the 3 new systems?
I don’t think it’s the worst idea
There is nothing else that needs to be argued.
No. Removes risk from trench
and lets you camp whoever goes near you
We've shown you the logic, and facts behind our reasoning, you dont refer to it, instead you spout more illogical arguements, that we beat down, so you spout more.
Then you personally attack you. This is not an arguement, its you grasping at the straws to claim we're biased
To claim we want to switch everything to our advantage
here's my answer to your question "why do you hate vega": you are decent people with skills, you already win everything, but you need to fullfill your narcisistic desires by making it impossible for anyone to go against you
you harassed everyone that was against you off the server
We have done nothing and will do nothing that fulfills the end part of that sentence.
We haven't harassed anyone 
I never made anyone cry? What are you talking about
how did you nerf yourself
????????????????????????????????????????????
if you convince vandrayk that he's wrong i'll come
i still haven't seen a valid argument to why forcing everyone to be exposed to my camping isint a great idea
its hilarious
Again, the solution will be to make Eden more risky and add a 1 way gate to Sirius to add a new gate to Trench so that it's harder to camp the entry for anyone who is a pirate. Trench is supposed to be incredibly dangerous as a tradeoff for the amount of resources available there.
We don't just randomly kill everyone
We are not a pirate nation
no you cant
sciath negative IQ moment
you forgot your own exploits
If you don't want to risk mining in the trench, feel free to mine in safer systems. Ilios will likely have better ores than the other 3 regular systems
-1 good boy points
Or.... fight us?????
It's war
The fuck are you talking about
@Melkron anyone can live on eden
it is not just us
we dont own the planet
This all circles back to rattlyy just coping that they're at war with us and they can't beat us lol
We've offerred to end the war several times
No. I said if you go near our base expect to die
Eden is 5kx5k
It's not about who's right or wrong, it doesn't matter if you admit defeat or not because you basically have no say 💀
We aren't going to "camp" anyone off of Eden
its hilarious
I still haven't heard a decent counter argument to mine
you keep circling on the same useless points that have been refuted multiple times
you say your points, they get refuted, say that i'm biased and I hate gay love, repeat 
If you are in arcturan, we will attack you because we are at war with you. 
TO COUNTER THIS,
you can make base defenses, or counter attack us.
i'm willing to take adderall to keep this going until i'm a fucking zombie
Then why would we attack you?
We aren't pirates
you own 80% of the server station
They cant agree with us
doesn't want to hear these facts
Because we can?
Which actively encourages combat, which encourages activity
It also reduces the supplyy, causing more fighting over pre-existing stations.
You guys are able to siege our stations
So your point here isint to convince anyone of your point, its to just get me tired enough to say yes?
The system will be balanced, this guy is just trying to make something that is a non issue an issue.
my point is that you're blatantly giving yourself an advantage and generating bullshit to keep ur exploit afloat 
The result of this argument will be to make Eden more risky, and to add a new entrance to the trench from Sirius
very true
The point being what?
Maybe a year ago, when the server first opened and we were a pirate nation we were too harsh on killing people and it caused a negative effect for the server. @K9_Caper
he keeps circling on the same counter arguments, that are all refuted, that don't make sense, that contradict themselves and keeps doing personal attacks on me
To fix that we stopped being pirates, started playing less, and developing the server more.
developing exploits for yourself
Right see, this is a nonissue because of the danger Eden poses to anyone living on it, making the risks of Eden worth the reward that could come of it. But neither is Vega a pirate nation, nor are we interested in pursuing Piracy. Again making this a nonissue
Eden rn is not dangerous enough
I think everyone agrees on that
you should move eden out of the horizon
and leave the horizon empty
To say that "harassment" and "camping" is prevalent on HE within the past 4-6 months is just flat out false
That can be rectified. So the issue you have is us pursuing piracy. Which we dont do
That's very true
But we no longer do that
And havent for like 10months
Ever since the damkoth blockade went, in july, we stopped.
no balls quit rn
the point of all of this is that my argument still stands
End of the argument is here. Eden will be made more risky and we’ll add another 1way gate in to trench from Sirius. Anyone can live on Eden, just because Vega lives there is not relevant to the discussion.
Vega is relevant lol 
Excellent, lets discuss later the dangers we can add to make it more imposing
It’s not useless. Makes it more difficult to camp the trench as there will be 3 entrances rather than 2
you should come help me I needs help
Server nations and politics won’t and shouldn’t dictate balancing changes 
true, vega is the only nation that can dictate balancing changes
by placing their base in the middle of every hyperspace travel 
Anytime balancing needs to be done it is thrown in staff chat #balancing
all of vega is staff
quite literally
and my points still stands
Do you guys love a backbreaking night with the guys? My ass hurts
TopTrash is the only staff member. Kwaze, Wither, Sciath, Myself, are helpers
And? We’re all unbiased
The combat system is balanced lmfao
And at the end of the day, Gutin/Aury have the final say on anything
Right all settled then?
Looks to be
we should end this by saying that eden should be moved out of Horizon
If we were so biased, why did we nerf starfighters? Why are we even entertaining trying to rectify the issues you pointed out in this post? Why is the frontier update addressing issues that were posted in the feedback form we sent out?
read this thread 
If the changes we make aren’t enough, we can revisit this.
There won’t be a 2 way
So it’s either add a 1 way or none at all
Ill do a three way if its another guy, 3 guys is better then 2 guys and a girl
If the risk we add isn’t enough, we’ll look into it
Considering it doesn’t exist yet you have no way to rectify this claim
If you want to go to the new systems, you should expect inherent danger
It doesn’t now and it shouldn’t ever
No, I am saying that Vega living on Eden is not relevant to its placement or this entire conversation lol
it is extremely relevant
Would be cool to add more planets that are super dangerous
If you’re at war with someone, and you’re stupid enough to risk going into the most dangerous system on the server, that’s on you
There’s no rule against attacking you.
There are rules against spam killing and camping, which can be enforced
no
yes
why
how
where
what
????
You're just wrong
You're a liar
Coco Cola is much better then pepsi
My opinion is fact
You're just a shit person
Well atleast I dont lose 4 frigates to a shuttle
I think you're gay
I hope you die
Siuccidati
Toptrash this guy said kys!
MODS BAN HIM HE'S BIASED
I hate HE
You're the worst people ive met
Objectively my arguement is stupid
You're just a stupid person
I dont think there's a single instance of you having intelligence
I think you make some fair points
My opinion is, you all suck.
I hope you find your special place in hell.
Im getting hired at Helix academy btw.
Who's joe btw?
Lol
Lmao
You're wrong
BRITISH SHIPS ARE BETTER THEN ITALIAN SHIPS
If you're so great, why is my ego larger then yours?
To quote Vandrayk "Most idiots come from the USA" You must be from Canada.
You dont even play
You're entire nation is made of staff.
You're just grasping at straws here.
My nation is cleary the one in the right here, we may of doxed your mother and your dog, but we still own 12 stations, therefore we must be right.
HAMOGUS
Well I have a cool name
Im based af
Cuck
Cunt
Fuck
Shit
Bitch
Fucker
Fuck head
Shithead
Shitter
Stupid 
Idiot
Absoloute idiot
Cocksucker
Careful before toptrash sees you!
Staff just have too much on their plate already
You have some good points, but ima just circle back to the start of the arguement.
I think you're hot.
Facts
Lmfao you are such an entitled bitch.
Are you able to make a coherent sentence???
You just cant make a coherent arguement without personally attacking me.
Ok, but case in point, you are stupid
Objectively, you have no arguement here, in fact you dont even have anything to say. All you're doing is crying and screaming that you wont get your way, and thats fine by me, if you want to complain like this do it. Just shows the type of person you are. Lmfao
It will likely be objectively shitter
I still think TT objectively better
Blaming the players for their objectively SHIT server
He was just baiting us into arguments even if we show him the objective reasoning he’ll still argue
I said that it’s objectively wrong
I usually use objective reasoning to say an idea is dumb, not "Oh you're stupid and wrong"
Probably because you ignore objective reasoning and past experiences because Peter is your friend
You're stupid af
yah that was fucking stupid
Toptrash is gay af
I hope you realize, you're going nowhere in life
Bro I could beat you in a 5vs1, especially if I am filled with 5 guys.
What are you talking about? You have no arguement here, just leave it. Come back if you come up with something have decent lol
Who’s complaining about citadels radius?
Then don’t complain
You wanna pay to have it downsized?
We placed our station on how close of a jump it was to other stations
He gone act up
I would hop on but I’m drunk at it’s 4:45 AM
I passed out at 12 and I just woke up tho
I might hop on for a bit
The whole reason I originally suggested the idea last year was to prevent people from jumping directly on top of your station since it was a problem at the time
Make it so only stations over x amount size can have a gravwell 
I need to be re-added to it
I deleted my old account
It’s 9 AM EST and the server is in tatters
Just came back a few nights ago
A conquering system would just allow for Vega to control everything and would decimate the playerbase
Things will be fixed soon
I’m saying in the past
Oh dang you haven’t quit yet
It is me
I came back a few nights ago
I can’t wait for the server to be fixed along with new content
That’s when SL is at its best
Goodmorning all
Who cares, it’s a map
Got really drunk, popped some Advil and I’m waiting on my dad to cook me breakfast
Perks of coming home right before my birthday
No idea, but my dad is awesome in the kitchen
Sciath is noob
Stop complaining
Peter doesn’t understand that Adults have lives
Micle prioritizing his career/college is a little more important than this Minecraft server
Combat is banned rn due to bugs unless im missing something
I love how mad people are about sigma
Ghostdog is still 12 as we can see
Also, you can’t see survival chat in creative anymore
I have a GhostDogYT head in my collection
Why would I ever sell it lol
As well as a Jedi Silver head if you want the OG
I don’t need money, the head has more value then just about anything you could give me
Why does it matter?
Gutin already said whenever he looked at the list, Bellum was winning
Oh god
Brickbro is just weird
Is the server still on fire
Micle can you check the content design disc?
Also is the server still like really messed up or no
Thanks
Micle I know you’re slammed with work, but do you have an ETA on space candy being updated?
I turn 21 on Tuesday and I would’ve graduated this semester if I didn’t change my major
Amgar do be awake doe
Morning all
Conspiracy theories make me chuckle
Amgar flew me over to goldhawk’s station and I had left my backup stuff in the ship
Considering those gaps were mine, and I bought them off of Tardis
And Micle is the one who removed those gaps from you, after him and I made a deal to have amgar s stuff returned to him for a fee.
Whine to Micle
Moreso Micle wanted us to not go to war and we resolved things with diplomacy instead.
But that’s a little above your paygrade unfortunately
My alt had the bounty, not my main account
Blackular, how many excuses do you need before you can accept that you’ll never beat us in anything?
Good for farming
Imagine rambling about things that just didn’t happen to remain relevant and cope with loss
Edgelord blackular
If you want, I could help you get started off
If you haven’t already
You weren’t ever invited to Vega lol
The connotation made it seem like you had a chance to join
Evil duck isn’t one of our alts
I mean the reason it was increased is because whenever we would pirate with Serpentis people would log off or change servers whenever we would go to attack them
It makes attacking people impossible
I mean piracy and combat are dead rn anyways
Morning all
How is everyone today
Doing great thanks
In terms of SL combat and how it works, you will have little to no visibility in that spot
Morning
Kara, describe the error you’re having with credit printing?
No, credit printing is printing materials using credits
People don’t like us having complete control over the server or something idk
Watch, so many ships are broken rn
The issue I’m having is every single blueprinted ship I have is broken
Like all of my blueprints don’t move due to “waterlogged sponge” and all nodes broke
Goodmorning all
Goodmorning all
I made anti Islamic jokes on pole-earth as the guys who were fighting against made anti Semitic jokes towards us.
In that community it’s not against the rules to do so
Just goes to show that no matter how much potential this server has to grow, it’ll never outgrow Micle’s fragile ego and incompetence as an Owner. All that coding prowess and not an ounce of humility, professionalism, or interpersonal skills in his body.
Server is in shambles don’t get your hopes up
“Pirate lord” big kek
We recommended them to be disabled
He meant will the end be enabled
There’s other necessary rules, let Orio handle that
Nether is necessary for so much vanilla stuff
Not having nether highways on an earth map server is the most backwards thing I’ve ever heard
7.5kx7.5k is more than enough space for a nether highway
The nether is a necessity for a vanilla factions server
“It’s basically vanilla with end crystal crafting disabled” then maybe it’s a good idea to not mention it
If it doesn’t fit into this statement:
All good, thanks
Nobody wants to play a server with no enchantments
They enhance the game and make it so you can actually stand a chance in a Xv1 scenario if you have skill.
You cannot win a 5v1 in unenchanted gear, no matter how skilled you are.
Then don’t try and remove features that people who pvp want 
I forgot how backwards thinking some of this server is in my absence.
Or we could use the map that Orio picked out, and use the rules that Orio has made.
I’m more worried about the “features”
That’s the least of my concern
Xeno, SvS is ruined lol
Removes all skill from small ships, breaks big ship combat
You can’t fire into space anymore, you have to be looking at blocks
If you’re looking at a block and it fires, it instantly tracks all of your heavies
I’m hoping that he just wasn’t thinking whenever he implemented it, but I guess we’ll see.
What are you talking about turrets?
No Luci
No, HT have always been able to track
Essentially this change has made combat so much more randomized
Completely neutered big ship combat as well. I.e cruise fighting
Micle hasnt checked that discord in 6+ months
Pre update, SvS was the most balanced it had ever been.
There was almost a combat triangle, ships had purposes, not many major bugs
Everyone did Xeno
Xeno check out how particles look now
That’s like saying, “look at this glass of water I found!” While in a burning building
I don’t care about smooth flying if every single thing that made SvS worthwhile is gone.
Kwaze is trolling
What’s not trolling is the fact that you can auto track heavy barrages now 😑
I’m praying it has something to do with him rewriting code, but I’ve learned to assume the worst
It also makes it so capital ship SvS isn’t a thing, considering a lot of your firing is whenever you’re out of render distance in a cruise fight
Pre update SvS was great.
But that’s just not the world we live in anymore unfortunately
Because muh blakstone
The map update was possible with 1.16, so that’s nice
But the side effects on ships... RIP
That’s a bug though, I know it will be fixed
Less restrictive rules = more fun
Toxicity ≠ wanting to pvp
Those wars were stopped due to not wanting the playerbase to die, not toxicity.
Combat has been and will always be an integral part of SL.
This entire conversation is off topic, your original point being “LL is to take away people from SL who are toxic” 
Again, toxicity is subjective. Killing people within rules is not toxic.
No, if you attack people and don’t break any rules doing it, it’s not toxic.
Little kids on this server are quick to call anything toxic if it hinders them in any way.
Teleportation is bad.
There should be no tp, it can be abused so easily to avoid combat
Sounds like people are feeling bold on LandLegacy
Crystalzzz keep your god set warm for me, I’ll be on to collect it here in the next few days.
Nothing any of you do matters, we quit because we ran out of people to kill
It’s illegal because you can stack multiple small shields inside a larger shield giving you essentially an infinite shield whenever it’s supposed to be programmed that each shield should be damaged more by a multiplier.
That’s how the glitch worked anyways.
We don’t really have a server that we’re settled down on and play daily, more like servers that we’re geared up on and will go fight if there’s a fight
Today we’re playing a DvZ server if anyone remembers that from being a kid
Feel free to hop on
Blackular still out here trying to infiltrate vega discord
Blackular is gonna invade our discord oh no
We’re shivering
Do I need to post the logs of your discord convo with block
From two-three days ago
I’m being sarcastic Extra
I’m so salty
I just enjoy giving you a hard time
Imagine making ships whenever SvS is in the state it is
It’s more so there’s some new “mechanics and features” that ruin SvS.
Is the auto-tracking on heavy weapons still a thing?
The fact that the auto tracking remains just shows how bad SvS is now.
Before 1.16 there was an actual skill ceiling.
I wish I knew the thought process behind adding that “feature” into the game
“Ah yes, let’s make it impossible to run away in Starfighters, remove an element of skill, and completely change how capital ships fight.” Brilliant
SF vs SF with good pilots, there is no running
Why would it feel that way post update? What else changes
SvS was finally beginning to reach a good point before we updated to 1.16 and now it’s just straight regression from this point onwards
Now that I am finished with Sigma Terminal, I am restarting the JII (Jita Improvement Initiative). 
I’m done with finals now thankfully
Hope everyone has a great weekend
100% we’ll just control it again and since the playerbase doesn’t like dying/grinding for gear, itll just be dead in a week or two
 Read my question about starfighters in the bigger list I sent above
 Considering the way you kill small capitals with SFs is by strafing with side plasma, no @Deleted User
What is the purpose of removing/completely changing the skill ceiling in capital ship SvS by making things automated and removing aim? With how bigger ships cruise, tactical maneuvers are not exactly possible?
Feel free to answer the rest of the questions I asked at the beginning, I’ve heard all I need to hear
That’s been removed????
In my subjective opinion I thought Kurses ship looked cool. @kur
Not everything has to fit to server norm, it does look like a blender model however though.
Whatever his price is, I’ll match or lower it^
Whenever trade cities first came out, Evra Watchman and I were the only ones who had things on the bazaar.
It’s not as much as yesterday but definitely a lot by y’all’s standards.
Merry Christmas to you too whoever you are
Profit off my laziness
Anyways, I’ll update the Libna Trade Center discord whenever I restock my Oriomium. Make sure to check the #jita-luxury channel.
Saw some comments between you and amgar yesterday that I’d love to respond to since you were very confident in your conclusions. 
1. 2018 was not the best era of SvS, nor were starfighters at their peak then. SvS was an absolute lagfest for almost everyone involved. Starfighters were at their peak this year up until the 1.16.3 update. You killing destroyers with old style SFs back in 2018 means nothing considering the advancement of ship design and how pulses/ATs work now. Block and I tried giving you input in the SLCD considering we reached a level of SvS skill that was far greater than any skill you ever reached, but you completely ignored us and every other player that YOU recruited to give you input in there. In terms of how starfighters will be after your update, I have no idea. But I do know that removing side weapons will make them much harder to use against big ships considering the way you fight larger ships with SFs is by using side weapons and strafing along the sides of the larger ship. 
2. Vega didnt “abuse bugs”, we designed our ships around each meta that you created with updates that you barely or just did not test. Have you forgotten that you did not even SvS/play this year? Through Vega/Serpentis I can thoroughly say that the reason we dominated the server was through daily training, superior ship design, and combat tactics that other nations did not utilize. 
3. I don’t know what you think the “Vega narrative” is, but let me lay it out for you. The whole reason we are against this update is because you ignored everyone in the SLCD discord who spent hours coming up with good ideas, collaborating, and giving you input to make SvS not a total dumpster fire. On top of that, your update completely removes the skill ceiling from SvS, considering the main thing separating the best from the worst for a long time now has always been aim. Making heavy weapons easier to track and removing light weapons from capital ship SvS
is evidence of this. Instead of listening to the people who’ve actually played and thrived on the server for years now while you did not play, you decided to create what on the surface seems to be an attempt to automate large scale conflict and make a focus around “maneuvering”, which is so far removed from the old style of SvS that it almost makes me not want to try it. 
Don’t care enough, just saw him spouting garbage in SL chat yesterday so I figured I’d respond.
Listing my Oriomium on Jita bazaar here soon if anyone is interested
Whenever I get back from AFK, I’ll probably start listing my Oriomium for anyone who’s interested in buying it.
The only way to enforce it is if someone is stupid enough to show it
ghost is being stupid
That whole situation was so stupid
At the start it was a nice change,  but that quickly devolved into abused luck based garbage
The community should have no say 
Micle picked a team in the SLCD discord who were the peak of the SvS community and we all collaborated on a ton of ideas with the other people in the discord and he just ignored us and went out on his own tangent.
Removing skill from the marquee feature of your server whenever there was a skill ceiling before is a joke.
Removing skill from SvS whenever there was a hierarchy of players who were skilled, with a way to climb up the ladder of skill, is a joke.
What are you talking about
Did I ever say that?
After pulse fighters were banned, a combat triangle formed between SF-BC-DN.
The rest of the ships filled the role of support ships.
Light weapons are being removed from capital ship combat.
Reread my original post if you want to know my problem and a lot of the people who actually SvS’ problem with the update.
I’m having to wait to update my ships because I have to see what the update brings before I go out printing a fleet.
Per the fireside chat, aim is essentially being removed (heavily diminished) from capital ship SvS to move towards automated combat by basing fighting around automation and heavy weaponry, with an emphasis on “maneuvering” (absolute joke) and making heavy weaponry easier to track.
More so we’d like him to make SvS similar to what it was pre-update while adding new features.
The only people who are excited about this update are the people who worked on it and people who have perennially been bad at SvS.
A complete change of how the entire combat system works ≠ a simple meta change
Removing aim from SvS is just simply not comparable to a SF meta changing.
Describe to me how either of those things remove skill?
Ion shots added skill if anything.
Cheth shield placement is a huge part of SvS to this day.
I don’t get how you’re missing the point
Light weapons on capital ships won’t be a thing anymore from the way Micle explained it in the fireside chat.
As I explained in my original message. The problem is Micle reducing and removing skill from SvS.
Im done arguing, I’ve explained every point I need to get my argument across. Merry Christmas to all
Stop arguing about this block game and go be with your family
Whenever it came out, BEFORE we even tested it, I said it was dumbs
The moment we got into testing, I changed opinions and have stuck to that ever since
Comparing BCs at the turn of the update to now is not comparable.
These are DIRECT quotes from Amgar who has worked on the update and played the update.
Micle is removing skill from SL and that has been his goal for a while
I'm just a little more optimistic about the update, maybe because I helped with it.
Micle said he'd fix the aiming thing but I've yet to see how
If you need screenshots, DM me.
More accessible?
The server has a culture problem where people have never wanted to be innovative and learn how to train.
Are you actually sitting here trying to justify removing skill from SvS?
Chunk loading was a disaster
Because you’re just jumping between 5 different points after we rebuke each one you spout
There is nothing wrong with calling something that seems bad on the surface what it is.
Especially considering Micle doesn’t play and mainly has no clue what his changes do and how they affect the server.
Literally the reason he made the SLCD team was because he had no clue how the server was going.
This is AR all over again
Micle yes men vs people with brains
You’re the embodiment of a Micle yes man rn
I have half a brain cell and im sure reading whatever is going on here is going to kill it
“Trust Micle!, he’ll make the update his perfect vision”
Amgar is noob grinch
West Jita gardens, pics provided by the JII team.
I’m nursing a mean hangover
Micle if you’re going to add your little unbalanced rocket weapon at least make the rockets cost something
The economy is so broken, whatever your current recipe is, it’s not expensive enough
Server update mistakes have been nothing new here for a long time
It’s what happens when the lead dev and owner is out of touch
God how funny would it be if Vega came back and was 2x as powerful because of this update
The ultimate irony
It probably won’t happen, but if we did it we would do it completely out of spite
The economy is beyond saving
So so so beyond saving
I spend plenty a week
I pay people hundreds of thousands of dollars for noobs/people to come and do like 10 min worth of work
Or for just random odd jobs
As if we aren’t already powerful enough
Im slowly approaching levels of money to be able to wipe out some of the smaller cities entire bazaars if I wanted
Another problem is material wealth
I’ve given specific reasons in general chat as to why this update is different.
Tell me when an update before has completely destroyed skill in SvS by removing skill based aspects for random/automated based aspects?
SvS updates in the past may have ruined metas, but nothing like this
Micle will do what Micle always has done, not listen to people and try and save face when it goes poorly
The people who have years of SvS experience beg to differ
Anything that shreds a dreadnoughts shields in 5 hits is garbage.
Big difference in changing a meta and removing skill based aspects of your server for random/automated aspects
But Micle has always wanted to remove skill from SvS and there’s nothing we can do about that
Removing skill from an aspect of a game to make it a  game based on randomness/automation will never be a good idea
I cannot wait to see this new “tactical maneuvering” that will “determine skill in capital ship SvS”
I just wish Micle wouldn’t try and hide this update for what it is
This update is going to alienate the people who have been heavily involved in SvS/Wars over the past year or two, to make it so people who have been perennially bad at SvS can compete with the best.
Oh no, Vega will exist til the day this server dies. Out of spite
Instead of encouraging and incentivizing people to train, test ship designs, actually improve on how they play the game, Micle decides to remove the number one skill aspect of SvS. Genius
The best part is, it’s your guys job to defend him, whenever he’s so out of touch that he thinks people were able to compete with Vega during 1.12
Micle really thinks aim wasn’t what separated the best from the worst in 1.12 SvS.
That’s what I’ve heard from other staff members who I won’t name
You guys are going to defend the update because 1. It’s your job, and 2. Maybe you really do feel that way. But at the end of the day, it’s sad to see what made the server so special go away for a poorly tested and poorly thought out update.
Noobs can fight now, and always have been able too.
Do you not see the problem of making the end game combat of your server based LESS on skill and MORE on randomness/automation???
What a horrible argument
That’s not what I want
What we’ve always wanted is a fight
A fight where people would spend the same amount of time testing, innovating, and battling us
Not “tactical maneuvering”
People will still hide in their safezones
^^^
“Have a good fight wherever you look” is the joke of the night
Comedy hour is over, update sucks and you can’t change my mind.
For the rest of all time you will all suffer to my complaining and pointing out how you guys support a reduction in skill because you never wanted to train to be better.
The time for constructive criticism has come and gone
Micle made that obvious whenever he didn’t listen to a single one of the hundreds of ideas in the SLCD discord
Constructive criticism means nothing when the guy at the helm denies something needs criticism.
It’s always been that way. I can remember when he made a big change to the SF meta after The Last Jedi came out.
This server has never given a eat about the community, fair rules/judgement, or just standards in general. It’s always been Micle’s personal playground
Which is why there’s always been so much community backlash/conflict, because the norm is for the owner/dev to have a vision and then allow the community to help shape said vision/give feedback on what’s wrong.
I can remember whenever Micle banned oblivion back in the day because they kicked him out of their discord server
Literally just this year I got perma banned for roleplaying and saying something derogatory on a completely different server
There is no fairness here, and your suggestions and complaints mean nothing.
If your ideals/ideas go in place with Micle, you’re set, if you deviate from that, sit back and watch the server get unpieced and pieced back together over and over again.
There won’t be anymore, considering the thing that gave SvS a hierarchy of skill is being removed from capital ship SvS lol
Post update it will be who is marginally better at cruise flying than the next guy
Who knows, hopefully I’m all wrong and Micle did a poor job of explaining everything and the update will be awesome
Ah yes, the rumors from the fireside chat that Micle himself directly answered
Oh wait those were questions that we asked not rumors
Heavy weapons will be easier to track, fact.
As I said, hopefully all the parts that the people who have been active in SvS are mad about, are wrong
Hopefully the update is good because nobody wants to see the server fail
Doubt
Kayden you can’t join with technic iirc, I’d suggest joining with 1.16.4 optifine
Remember that one time we beat you so bad you blamed Vega for failing in your math class? Good times
Also removing note blocks is a cool idea and I know it would make things much easier on you Micle but think of the ramifications of having to replace all of the pre existing factories and ships in survival
Did he? I just tuned in
Not talking to you
Contact staff or don’t spam chat about it, it’s annoying
I have the document from the past year during the Vega age
He’s eating dinner
DM me if you want to participate in a war against Lux
All of the blame goes to PeterCrawley, Makavelian, and Silkbeast.
You know exactly what you did in the UNL discord.
Cool art
In terms of Vega vs Luxivitas, the war is ended. Our goal is achieved.
For Vega, no war with Lux. They met our demands
Many people
Saves Lux a ton of money and morale.
So quickly people forget who Vega is.
Goodmorning
 Actually, my main issue with the update was a huge miscommunication between Micle and I.
The aiming/auto tracking was never a feature that Micle intended and we were both on the same page about it being removed
 There’s a bunch of new weapons which is cool, but it seems like Starfighters will get the short end of the stick
It’s all hearsay right now
I mean, the update is catered towards capital ship SvS
Nah that was fixed
Tri barrel turrets were supposed to be implemented over two years ago
It’s not purely automatic Alan
It’ll be less spam left click
But you can still use turret noding like it exists now
SFs will definitely be useless in fleet battles if they don’t have side plasmas
I can jump anywhere on the map in my SN
I’d recommend looking on the wiki. If you can’t afford the advancement then Amgar will pay for it on behalf of Vega
We’ve had a hangar on our Dreadnought since the day it was created almost a year and a half ago.
We decomped them since we are updating it to be reprinted after the SvS update.
False
True
Once the test server is up I’ll hop online
Micle are you going to be on the test server?
Shoot me a discord ping when you are, there’s some stuff I need to show you that we tested last night.
Micle will have it out soon, be patient
Amgar beat me in SvS and was boasting
Turns out Test server doesn’t have a render limit
Whenever we did hours of testing with them and they were balanced
Did you change cool down or anything else that would change balance
Micle any notable changes since I was last on to help with balancing
I explained the update to Killer and all the old Vega guys and they liked the update
So now there’s a delay from when I hit turn key to when the ship actually turns?
Is that a permanent change or are you implementing it for testing
Sounds no good but I’ll check it out tomorrow
It just doesn’t make sense to me that the ship won’t turn whenever I press the key to turn
Update was great until this change but maybe trying it will change my mind
Micle did you change the turning
There was never a battle where the AR “almost won”, matter of fact im pretty sure we lost like 3 ships in the entire war.
Whenever we sunk Irkallas DN and Block went in the damaged SN while I had to go, then he lost the Tinygut also because he crashed
If that battle was in space it would’ve been a clean sweep for us no doubt
updating it honestly isn’t too bad
The weapons are already done
Someone’s lagging creative
Like chaotic good chaotic neutral etc
Someone made one for the staff team forever ago
Vega would be Lawful Evil
There isn’t an easy answer, SL has a culture that doesn’t allow the original LL style to work
I will say if you wanted to make killing harder make it so you can’t see players on dynmap, but able to see land claims
Considering AT does no damage and is able to be tanked with steak
Considering he flew around with my ATs set on him for 15 min straight I’d say it’s accurate
Then it needs a buff lol
They don’t do their job lol
I don’t care if you haven’t had a problem with them, and there’s no reason to sit here and act as though it’s not a problem
Flying around at point blank range and eating steak while my ATs don’t kill someone is a definite problem
“Someone not vegan” lol
As if anyone else will test
A small DMG buff to players doesn’t change much of anything considering players shouldn’t be able to really tank ATs
No need to give attention to someone who’s crying for it
Sending him back to station sounds pretty fun
divorces @BlockBuster019
nuzzles @BlockBuster019
smash or pash?
Hot
I love Adam Sandler
There’s a wedding? Who’s getting married
How many people died
Guns should be removed as they violate my 69th constitution ammendment.
Hahah if people would fight us we would come back and shut that down pretty fast
Gutin stinky pants pp hed
I’m at brunch drunk rn
It is an absolute chore for me to log on to this server every few days
ClownPierce is live with AJTHEBOLD on YouTube right now
I would love to fight your dread in the broadsword
Projecting?
Imagine us being sarcastic and you guys thinking we were being serious
I still don’t understand what all the fuss is about
I think Amgar has made plenty of ships from hand to the point where he can say whatever he wants to whoever he wants
Nobody was concealing anything
It’s a great tool that I was introduced to like two days ago whenever I started playing again
Can someone who’s complaining about our ship explain the fuss or whatever
I was tagged and brought into this so someone explain why they’re upset
Are you back from quitting already?
If a machine can save me numerous of hours of time, why would I not use it
No, I mean we’ll see how strong UFOP really is while we take your stations.
I’d be shocked if you came and fought us
I mean how could you fight whenever you guys have to roleplay on the creative holodeck?
He’s bad, they just tped me to pvparena to try and spawn kill me lol
Because Vigress, we wanted the biggest claim
Whiteular forgetting we have two massive factories that have been churning out ships
No shock about the lack of IQ there
